hey guys it's the shiny Safi 2 here and
I have a hatch shiny I think I'm not
quite sure so this is going to be pretty
embarrassing if it isn't but um I was
just playing through my pokemon soul
silver while watching for shiny dealing
on my Pokemon X & them I hatched this
togepi and I'm not quite sure if it's
shiny because uh yeah I'm not like the
little patterns on its egg I'm not sure
like um like the bigger pan at the front
is supposed to be blue or red in the
shiny form so um yeah so let's get this
togepi in nickname and see if it's
actually shiny or not
oh my god it's female oh my god that's
really lucky
um I'm dear I don't know what's a
nickname um what school harm
don't know nee this is pretty difficult
play I know
I'll give it like the name serene so she
has like the same name is my vivillon my
ex okay um okay up professor on but take
this
how do you know and like I hunched the
egg it's kind of creepy how that happens
like it would have been better if I'm
like you had to give him the call not
when he calls you as soon as you hatch
the freaking egg
okay let's um oh my god it chaining Oh
God
oh my god how freaking lucky is that oh
my boy like what are the chances like
the first freakin egg I got in the game
oh my god oh my god oh wait I better
show like there's no cheating device oh
my god
umm yeah like this is just my charger
but no cheating device anywhere week
seriously Oh
I'm just dying slowly oh my god that's
just that's just unbelievable
shiny taupe
I've still got Vince off oh my god like
freaking shiny
Togepi oh my god
um it's hostile mr. weld
um well it's got to really gray suits
its name um I
Oh what the hell
boo Arum hi the Pokemon my shiny
chikorita just a regular a picky and
fluffy oh my god oh my god
okay buzz oh my god I'm just incredibly
lucky okay no papi sorry to the feet
away I have my animations turned off I'm
sorry I just wanted Oh
freaking
just that since okay
I it doesn't really look much different
than the original I'll tell you about um
Wow it's freaking female oh my god I'm
just incredibly lucky
um I will just quickly put animations
back on so um yeah okay normal Spira
shiny togepi oh my god okay sorry I'm a
bit like extremely it's taken in this
video like I just
Oh still good
um okay um well I guess that's all I
have
Chuck so um thank you everyone for
watching and if you liked this video and
please rate it thumbs up comment and
subscribe I'll see you with another
sharing me um thanks for watching bye